Update update-and-cleanup.md (#3539)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/advanced/maintenance/update-and-cleanup.md

## Automatic Cleanup

> For cleanup you can use the [`--cleanup`](https://containrrr.github.io/watchtower/arguments/#cleanup) option provided by `containrrr/watchtower`.

Reviewer: Might as well keep some context about the intent, along with a compose example:

````suggestion
The service [`containrrr/watchtower`][watchtower] can monitor your images and automatically update them. Enable the [`--cleanup` option][watchtower-cleanup] to remove orphaned images from storage that are no longer used.

[watchtower]: https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/
[watchtower-cleanup]: https://containrrr.github.io/watchtower/arguments/#cleanup

```yaml
services:
  watchtower:
    image: containrrr/watchtower
    environment:
      - WATCHTOWER_CLEANUP=true
    volumes:
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
```

!!! tip "Only update specific containers"

    The default `watchtower` service will poll every 24 hours for all images to update, not just within your `compose.yaml`.

    View their docs to provide a list of containers names and other settings if you'd like to restrict that behaviour.
````

> Or consider using ['docker prune command'](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/system_prune/)

Reviewer: A little more context. `docker image prune` is probably sufficient here than `docker system prune`. Clarified that this isn't automatic / scheduled, but manually invoked.

```suggestion
!!! tip "Manual cleanup"

    While `watchtower` also supports running once with `docker run` or `compose.yaml` with the `--run-once` option, you can also directly invoke cleanup with [`docker image prune --all`][docker-docs-prune-image] or the more thorough [`docker system prune --all`][docker-docs-prune-system] (_also removes unused containers, networks, build cache_). Avoid the `--all` option if you only want to cleanup "dangling" content.

[docker-docs-prune-image]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/image_prune/
[docker-docs-prune-system]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/system_prune/
```
